Add help tip for missing `cargo readobj` subcommand. (#459)
rust-embedded/discovery: f3discovery/src/05-led-roulette/build-it.md

  Section header string table index: 20
  ```

> If you get an error like `error: no such subcommand: readobj`, you may need to install `cargo-binutils`:
> ``` console
> cargo install cargo-binutils
> rustup component add llvm-tools-preview
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE** If you get an error like `error: no such subcommand: readobj`, you may need to install some packages. Please have a look at the [setup chapter](../03-setup/README.md#tools).
```
